---
title: "Radio Set Lists"
date: 2025-07-22T16:24:56-07:00
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - Jekyll
  - update
  - Music
---

**Radio Set Lists**
===================

  

I have always loved the radio and it is good to know that it is well preserved with setlists available on Spotify and elsewhere from radio stations like WBCN and KFOG.

  

Here is a cool set list from The Big Mattress Song of the Week 1979-1989 with 376 Songs and over 24 Hours of solid listening pleasure.

  

[https://open.spotify.com/playlist/1MkbPJpjWFacWgk0hTV2zj?si=ACsnwEFFTLO7VcSQs60tEg&pi=](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/1MkbPJpjWFacWgk0hTV2zj?si=ACsnwEFFTLO7VcSQs60tEg&pi=8ipFBdQZSqmrq)

  

Few of my highlights:

* * *

Ant Music - Adam and the Ants

South Station Blues - The Joe Perry Project

I Eat Cannabals - Toto

Jumping Jack Flash - Aretha's version (The Phunk Reigns)

Echo Beach - Martha and the Muffins

I'm Going To Hire A Wino To Decorate Our Home - David Frizzel

Do You Remember When - The J. Geils Band

* * *

Such coolness...

  

So, I spun up Spotify and have been playing this playlist now for the last couple of days when I want to listen to some music. Got to say, I think I'll do this some more...

  

I feel fortunate to have grown up with radio as a first source of music and to have become attached to some of the great shows and DJ personalities in 2 major city markets - Boston and San Francisco. Going back and capturing those setlists is kind of cool I think especially if they can be plugged into a Spotify or the like service.  So, I'm going to make it a side hustle. Look for a reference in 'The Living Room' when it pops for 'Setlists' and I'll see about placing the entries into a format that can be easily imported to whatever your favorite music service is these days.

  

I still play the radio a lot. But that is a story for a different day.

  

  
